---
layout: post
title: 'Be Impactful'
tags: [talk, shopify]
featured_image_thumbnail: assets/images/posts/20220614/impact.png
featured_image: assets/images/posts/20220614/impact.png
image: assets/images/posts/20220614/impact.png
featured: true
hidden: true
---

When and How to say no  
Internal presentation I made at Shopify earlier this year.

<!--more-->

Earlier this year, I remade a presentation that I did in 2019 at the RnD Summit in Ottawa. RnD Summit is an internal event where all RnD meet have we present content to each other. Something like a technical conference, internal to Shopify.

I wanted to share this publicly because I think that, while this was targeted at data scientists at Shopify, it is pretty accurate for a lot of data scientists out there. So without too much bell and whistle, here it is.

Before… Here is a little Shopify dictionary for some of the terms. 
- **Merchants**: Shopify main customers, Those are the merchants that use Shopify to do business. 
- **Fecta**: Group of key craft that steer and build a product. Usually includes a mix of Product, Engineering, UX, Data, Marketing and support. 
- **GSD**: [GSD](https://shopify.engineering/running-engineering-program-guide) (or Get Shit Done) is the internal framework on how we do and ship project 
- **Vault**  Internal tool/intranet where all the GSD project lives
- **Burst** in person events (since we are all remote) where we meet to deliver projects and build human connections.
PM Product Manager

Also, small disclaimer, Given I wanted to share this video publicly, I made sure to build a completely fake example in the communication section of the video. The numbers and chronology are completely random.

Here you go:

{% include vimeoPlayer.html id=718913702 %}

I am more than happy to receive your comments, feel free to reach out to let me know if you see the same thing at your workplace. 